 The conventional system of patient-data management 
has several issues. The system includes information being stored 
as unstructured records presented as paper prescriptions, files and 
other traditional forms of storage. All the important data 
pertaining to the patient is stored by the centralized hospital 
authorities or the concerned medical practitioners.
Reproducibility of this data when it comes to second – opinions 
or for the judgment of medical history, is a mammoth task. Even 
if there is a disease which is common, the treatment will mostly 
be not common for each individual as there should be considered 
the fact that there is a certain level of uniqueness with each 
patient. If a treatment strategy works on one patient, that does
not mean it will work for all because there will be differences 
between each patient. Thus, the entire medical record history 
should be accessed so as to give the treatment which is best 
suited for the particular individual. Commonly, when a patient 
visits a new doctor, the doctor might recommend performing 
tests that have been previously performed. This might be because 
the proof of the previously conducted test cannot be produced as 
the test results might have been lost. This project deals with how 
Blockchain can be used to beat the odds faced by the 
conventional centralized system that greatly lacks
interoperability. With the help of Blockchain, the patient’s data 
can be managed into a single record owned by the patient. The 
patient’s details pertaining to all healthcare services he/she has 
received will be managed into an easily accessible format for use 
anytime and anywhere. The project also deals with other aspects 
improving the interaction between the application and the 
patient, such as, real-world token tracking for appointments, 
appointment booking and so on. With the help of Blockchain, the
current system can be completely disrupted and revolutionized, 
allowing for better transparency and ownership of the sensitive
data thereby promoting and transforming the healthcare 
industries.	